‎An exciting event took place
‎in 2017 across the United States.
‎August 21, 2017,
‎has been on a lot of people’s calendars
‎for a long time because of the total eclipse.
‎As Jehovah’s Witnesses,
‎we are constantly on the lookout
‎for events where we can support
‎community outreach.
‎Brothers and sisters
‎prepared well in advance
‎to give a Bible education
‎to the many travelers.
‎What convinced us
‎that this was an opportunity
‎to give a great witness
‎was that we did a little research,
‎and we noticed the hotel bookings.
‎The town was packed,
‎so we could tell
‎that this was going to be a big event.
‎We needed to do something.
‎We wanted to be in a position to share
‎the wonderful things from the Bible with them.
‎We needed to take a global approach.
‎We had to identify
‎all the resources in Bend
‎and not just do it
‎by individual congregation.
‎So in our campaign we decided
‎to feature three primary tools:
‎first, What Does the Bible Really Teach?
‎because many people wonder;
‎second, Was Life Created?
‎because with an eclipse event,
‎people are thinking about the universe,
‎and it’s a good opportunity
‎to talk about our Creator;
‎and third,
‎jw.org,
‎since we expect a lot of visitors
‎from all over the world,
‎we can reach them in their language.
‎Over 200 brothers and sisters
‎attended two seminars
‎put on by local brothers to help prepare
‎individuals for the massive campaign.
‎We had examples
‎of what not to do and what to do
‎so as to benefit
‎as many people as possible.
‎We had an interview;
‎we had demonstrations on how to speak
‎to people in different languages.
‎We’re expecting people
‎from many different parts of the world.
‎It’s actually an opportunity
‎to be like a missionary
‎in our own hometown.
‎Some of the estimates
‎that we have heard are conservative estimates
‎of probably 200,000 visitors.
‎It may be more than that.
‎The local congregations
‎made themselves available
‎to work with city officials
‎to prepare the parks
‎for the large influx of people.
‎So many of Jehovah’s Witnesses
‎have volunteered
‎to help with all kinds of things.
‎These are really small communities
‎that are having a very large influx of people.
‎So all of that extra effort
‎and help in kind of preparing and cleaning up
‎is much appreciated.
‎We have been working with Jehovah’s Witnesses
‎for a period of years here at Smith Rock.
‎It’s been a good experience
‎for our staff and our volunteers,
‎and we want to accommodate that
‎in any way we can.
‎There’s been a lot of good things
‎happening with cart witnessing.
‎One of the friends had a nice experience
‎with an Arabic-speaking man,
‎and she said the seminar
‎is what helped her to be prepared.
‎She knew how to work the app,
‎how to find the video in the language,
‎and she already
‎had it downloaded and ready to go.
‎Paul spoke about his ministry.
‎He said: “Woe is me
‎if I did not declare the good news!”
‎So we don’t want to look back
‎and wish we would’ve done more.
‎Trying it for the first time can be scary.
‎It can be nerve-racking,
‎but it’s not so scary after you get started.
‎What’s really been fun
‎is what we are calling roving.
‎We go into an area
‎where there are a lot of people,
‎and we just start conversations.
‎We don’t carry any literature.
‎We just have our device
‎and the jw.org contact card.
‎And then, hopefully,
‎if the opportunity presents itself,
‎we may share with them a video
‎or tell them
‎we’re Jehovah’s Witnesses.
‎It’s just been a paradise for them
‎—a preaching paradise—
‎all these visitors coming in.
‎We may not see the results
‎of the seed that was planted
‎when they took a look at our cart,
‎but Jehovah knows
‎and the angels know
‎and can make that grow.
‎This endeavor
‎has really helped me to appreciate
‎the need to be alert
‎to ways to expand our ministry.
‎Most communities have a calendar of events.
‎Have we thought about looking at it
‎and then making plans to give a witness
‎by having our literature carts out?
‎And, really, events like this,
‎they have a bigger impact
‎on us as Jehovah’s Witnesses
‎because we have an opportunity to talk.
‎We get excited about our work.
‎We’re all working together shoulder to shoulder.
‎It really builds our faith.
‎Recently, a scripture
‎that stood out to me was 1 Chronicles 28:20,
‎where it says:
‎“Be courageous . . . and go to work.”
‎It helped me to realize
‎that I just need to take the initiative and try.
‎That’s what we all need to do,
‎and then let Jehovah
‎decide how things turn out.
‎Jehovah will no doubt bless your efforts
‎as you show an interest in others.